Add Zapier-Quickbase docs (#1085)
flojoy-ai/studio: docs/src/content/docs/cloud/flojoy-cloud-zapier.md

## Prerequisites

- [Flojoy Cloud account](https://cloud.flojoy.ai)
- [Zapier account](https://zapier.com)
- [Quickbase account](https://www.quickbase.com)

:::note
These steps can be generalized for form services (other than Quickbase) such as Google Forms, Typeform, Formspree, etc.
:::

## Steps

### In Flojoy Cloud

- Create a Flojoy Cloud account if you haven't
- Create a `Workspace` inside Flojoy Cloud
- Create a `Project` inside that workspace (you may have to create a hardware model)

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023221/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/create-project.png)

- Create a `Test` inside that project

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023221/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/create-test.png)

### In Zapier

- On your Zapier dashboard, create a new Zap

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023220/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/create-zap.png)

- Use Quickbase as the trigger

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023219/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/change-trigger.png)

- Select your Quickbase app & table you want to create a measurement from.

> - Select your hardware measurement and the datatype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additionally, filter which records to include for this measurement
```

- Select the Zap `Action` as `Flojoy Cloud`

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023227/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/change-action.png)

- Select as the event `Create a new measurement` and sign in to `Flojoy Cloud` in the Zap

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023226/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/action-signin.png)

- Choose your `Workspace` as you're signing in

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023225/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/choose-workspace.png)

- Fill all the fields in the Zap Action

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023224/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/fill-table.png)

- Send a test with Zapier and ensure the results appear under the approriate `Flojoy Cloud` test

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023223/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/check-test.png)

- Publish the Zap on Zapier

### In Quickbase

- Go to your Quickbase app and save a new Table to test the Zap's Trigger

![image](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhopxs1y3/image/upload/v1708023222/flojoy-docs/flojoy-cloud/zap/test-quickbase.png)

> Having issues with deployment? Join our [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/7HEBr7yG8c) and we will help you out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having issues with Zapier integration with Flojoy Cloud? Join our [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/7HEBr7yG8c) and we will help you out!
```
